Bluetooth: Mesh: Add API to manually store pending RPL entries (#35070)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/reference/bluetooth/mesh/core.rst

interval, poll event timing and Friend requirements is controlled through the
:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_LOW_POWER` option and related configuration options.

Replay Protection List
**********************

> Each mesh message is encrypted and authenticated using application key and

Reviewer: Some of the statements here are not fully accurate as there is more nuance attached to most of them. I suggest removing this paragraph.

network key, which makes communication between mesh nodes secure. This,
however, doesn't protect a node against a replay attack, since the message
can be received and replayed by an attacker. In order to protect against
such attacks, each node's element is associated with a sequence number.
The sequence number is increased for each new message transmitted by
the element. Upon reception, the node discards any message whose sequence
number is lower or equal to the last valid received sequence number of
a particular element.

> The Replay Protection List (RPL) is used to hold all last received sequence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Replay Protection List (RPL) is used to hold recently received sequence
```

numbers from elements within the mesh network to perform protection against
replay attacks.

To keep a node protected against replay attacks after reboot, it needs to store

> the entire RPL in the persistent storage before it is powered off. Due to high
> intensity of the message transmission within mesh network, the sequence number
> will be changed quite often, which will make flash wear out very quickly. To
> mitigate this, @ref CONFIG_BT_MESH_RPL_STORE_TIMEOUT can be used. This option
> postpones storing of RPL entries in the persistent storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the entire RPL in the persistent storage before it is powered off. Depending on the
amount of traffic in a mesh network, storing recently seen sequence numbers
can make flash wear out sooner or later. To
mitigate this, @ref CONFIG_BT_MESH_RPL_STORE_TIMEOUT can be used. This option
postpones storing of RPL entries in the persistent storage.
```

This option, however, doesn't completely solve the issue as the node may

> go off before the timer to store the RPL is fired. To ensure that any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
get powered off before the timer to store the RPL is fired. To ensure that any
```

> security critical messages can not be replayed, the node can store the pending
> RPL entries at any time by calling @ref bt_mesh_rpl_pending_store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~any~ messages can not be replayed, the node can initiate storage of the pending
RPL entries at any time (or sufficiently before power loss) by calling @ref bt_mesh_rpl_pending_store.
```
